feat(apigee-skills-serving): add skill-finder + skill-publisher + one-line provisioning (#891)
apigee/DevRel: references/apigee-skills-serving/skills/skill-publisher/SKILL.md

  with `sort_keys=True`).
- `upload_skill.py` overwrites the object at the same name —
  re-running uploads the same bytes to the same key.
- `register_skill.py` reads first, only POSTs/PATCHes on diff;
  re-running with no changes makes only `GET` calls.

Therefore re-running `publish.sh` with the same inputs is safe
and observable as zero mutating API calls after the first
successful publish. The skill does NOT need a "dry-run" mode of
its own; pass `--dry-run` through to `register_skill` if you want
to skip the registration step entirely (currently not wired —
file an issue if needed).

---

## Security notes

- The ed25519 private key path is the only secret this skill
  touches. It is read by `sign_skill.py`, never logged, never
  uploaded. The key file should have mode `0600`.
- The signature is computed over the **canonical** manifest bytes
  (see `scripts/common/canonical.py`). Any post-signing edit to
  the manifest invalidates the signature; `skill-finder` will
  refuse to install the skill.
- The `signing_key_id` field is the sha256 of the **public** key,
  not the private key. It is safe to publish. `skill-finder`
  cross-checks it against its embedded trust root

>   (`keys/trusted_pubkey.pem`); a manifest signed by a key not in

Reviewer: This still references the single-key model (`keys/trusted_pubkey.pem`). Please update to reflect the multi-key trust root (`keys/*.pem`).

```suggestion
  cross-checks it against installed trust roots
  (`keys/*.pem`); a manifest signed by a key not in
```

Author: Fixed in 4beed4fb — updated to `keys/*.pem` and expanded the sentence slightly to call out that multi-key install supports both multi-publisher orgs and zero-downtime key rotation, matching the language in `docs/architecture.md#trust-model`.
